on the Salzburgring the scene meets the 9th run of the international
German motorcycle championship
Special feature in the superbike class of former grand prix pilot Jürgen Fuchs
dare an experiment on a production engine he turned the healthy
Competition he wants to know how far he can sell freely with the trade
BMW s1000rr can keep up
Pure Adrenaline
Everyone knows by now that he has the bike
gigantic on the cards
What Tauber does that I do not mean that then with automatic quite
front is because
is she also here were the cornerstones
and what I find out so Russell now is how important victory is
Continental Airlines agreed
the BMW s 1000 RR
the fastest and most powerful motorcycle the BMW ever for the road
has built
Gunda 93 HP almost more horsepower than the machine Kilos brings on the scales
Her on the Salzburgring drives the original from the original to the
Exhaust for safety reasons
I was out this morning on complete series it was actually
does not matter too
that of BMW
to show what we can do here in the house and there it had to be on the sport as well
change profoundly that's the only thing we can change
otherwise everything is very similar
Unusual doing or is the World Cup not only for the bike but also for the
mechanic
Thomas Pohl kfz-master from Berlin, he completed his first assignment as
Team Wrench Tomas is a real two-wheeler crazy who knows s 1000 RR
he inside and out
Photo taken place the same model such a riot in the apartment
were
Aumann already spent a lot of time together, he already had that himself
calmed down
and that's why I'm referring to the commune, it says back then when you did that
are we
in her now know what happened I come on the line the lead and in
the city where I can
the nerves could succeed with their experience
Fans and photographers recognize the ex-profi fox
the prominent exotic on the streets at this day belongs to the
most popular motives
the training times were promising Fox seems with the
to be able to keep up but how will the old master go with the series
we are under pressure and above all over the full race distance of 73 kilometers
appearance
so far has a name
Background running year
We have but we have also renamed again and again
the corpses will be
auspicious start for the production machine with the grade 5 4 15 after
the first rounds
and the answer came at 50 5 forward
basically continue like this when he had the first time during the filming
more round and every round a partner is made
the countries
Twelfth place as top position in the first race but then falls Fuchs
Suddenly 20 back that after the first draft was extremely lucky
but also that he "also has a bigger role
Fromlowitz
it was still on strike
Both were reason enough that every home owner has it
he suspected he had been injured as a worker, he refused
new name would improve
On the other hand, you can get more and more
The power is always better than humans
There he wants to be together with Anne today
he could have done there
the thumb will be put on ice to be Franzbranntwein old home remedies
also in hightech the first post
Wrench Thomas Pohl is now required every minute counts Kohl builds
Fox a way with the uninjured hand the brake too
adjust
the season finale over the house Burda possibly by bike
the new year no longer merge americans with long brown hair
one has been
the others pretend
one hour later the start of the second race at the Salzburgring
Fox is lost lost for seniors falls wants to know
the first run had to be the 2 4 4 and 5 instead of 3 5 6
but then
ultimately that
so far
Dr
My condition was that was mine
Porsche billion
reading is
it was a pure mason
not what I should do
because the streets are under water
just to have a few games were canceled caution sixth
with a west side of one minute and 20 clock four seconds was their close one
Second over the current and Brixworth
2009 thus landed on the podium and with a standard
Road machine respect
One of the action has definitely been the BMW S 1000 RR also without it
Tuning the stuff to keep up in cutting-edge racing
Guys angel by the way, too
he married